# AWS Systems Manager

AWS Systems Manager gives you visibility and control of your infrastructure on AWS.

AWS Systems Manager is the operations hub for AWS. Systems Manager provides a unified user interface so you can track and resolve operational issues across your AWS applications and resources from a central place. With Systems Manager, you can automate operational tasks for Amazon EC2 instances or Amazon RDS instances. You can also group resources by application, view operational data for monitoring and troubleshooting, implement pre-approved change workflows, and audit operational changes for your groups of resources. Systems Manager simplifies resource and application management, shortens the time to detect and resolve operational problems, and makes it easier to operate and manage your infrastructure at scale. Systems Manager cannot be used to identify the optimal resource configuration for workloads running on AWS.

AWS Systems Manager gives you visibility and control of your infrastructure on AWS. Systems Manager provides a unified user interface so you can view operational data from multiple AWS services and allows you to automate operational tasks across your AWS resources. With Systems Manager, you can group resources, like Amazon EC2 instances, Amazon S3 buckets, or Amazon RDS instances, by application, view operational data for monitoring and troubleshooting, and take action on your groups of resources. Secrets Manager cannot be used to run a process on a schedule.
